# Python-API-Challenge
Module 6 Challenge
For the WeatherPy Part 1 Challenge, I Use the OpenWeatherMap API to retrieve weather data from the cities list generated in the started code, Create a scatter plot to showcase the relationship between Latitude vs. Temperature, Create a scatter plot to showcase the relationship between Latitude vs. Humidity, Create a scatter plot to showcase the relationship between Latitude vs. Cloudiness, Create a scatter plot to showcase the relationship between Latitude vs. Wind Speed, Compute Linear Regression for Each Relationship, Linear regression scatter plot for Northern Hemisphere: Temperature (C) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Southern Hemisphere: Temperature (C) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Northern Hemisphere: Humidity (%) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Southern Hemisphere: Humidity (%) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Northern Hemisphere: Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Southern Hemisphere: Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude, Linear regression scatter plot for Northern Hemisphere: Wind Speed (m/s) vs. Latitude, and Linear regression scatter plot for Southern Hemisphere: Wind Speed (m/s) vs. Latitude.

For Vacation data, I Create a map that displays a point for every city in the city_data_df DataFrame, Narrow down the city_data_df DataFrame to find your ideal weather condition, For each city in the hotel_df DataFrame, use the Geoapify API to find the first hotel located within 10,000 metres of your coordinates, and Add the hotel name and the country as additional information in the hover message for each city in the map.

Unfortunately, in my Vacation.ipynb, I was unable to display the maps or the column data for some reason. I am not sure if I have a problem with my kernel but just FYI.
